hey everybody and welcome to Club
Penguin 101 on your host be you penguin
9 and today we're gonna be talking about
the fish this topic was suggested by
Frank's for your ends up to worldwide
girls the fun band studios
Ryan Glaser green watcher Benedict Carl
jarred mouth aboard Lily Rose Malik at
Eden seals at the factual informative
spine handbook more homely known as fish
was a PSA handbook if you're a secret
agent this book had all you needed to
know it included an agents duties
clothing items that you could buy
information on the spy phone the history
of the PSA and secrets Oh secrets this
book was full of them almost every page
had one did you know that in the
clothing catalog they're hidden buyers
that if you click will reveal even more
clothing items everybody knew that fish
thanks for nothing
one of the coolest secrets though the
red blinking light actually blinked out
the message you are cool in Morse code
Easter eggs like this are the best book
how does think says they can't actually
look at the old PSA phone and watch the
blinking light to see the message
another thing I found that I thought was
pretty cool was how the secret code was
made you know the one that you can never
remember I always had to look at the
translation it took forever to cipher
and that's your code it was made by
actually using a tic-tac-toe outline
also the penguin on the cover and the
Penguins in the book are old blue which
is another cool little easter egg that
Club Penguin has put in there for us jet
pack guy is also cool head a fan of the
book it has been said that he has
memorized it and he has also been seemed
to read it on some of the Club Penguin
missions the book itself only got
updated once or twice in the three years
that it was available the updates were
usually just a new page or two what's
sad though is that you can't actually go
on the game and look at the book itself
the book was available from 2006 until
2009 you can't still view it in some SWF
files I will link that in the
description so you can go look at all
the secrets and information that this
book contains hey guys thank you for
watching this episode cooking 101 if you
enjoyed what you saw please
give this video a like and share if you
have an idea for an on their up so you
can let me know down in the comments
below or you can share my Facebook
Twitter or Google+ pages links for those
will be in the description you should
also check out everybody who suggests
this topic I'll also have links to their
challenge in description until next time
keep it up